hi Hey look at you wearing him in oh I
went to have pizza with Danny oh how did
that happen that Yeti is one smooth
talker
hope you're not too cold cuz dinner's
almost ready
yeah you know I think I'm probably just
gonna hang out my room come on you guys
listen if Emily knew I was here having
dinner with you she would flip out and
you know it it's okay I really I don't
mind wait wait wait you know what just
stay please it it would really mean a
lot for me if you stay Ross Rachel
please just have dinner with us okay
Joey
it's okay settle down all right so I'm
sorry I'm sorry
you see Rach I'm an actor Hey Hey look
yeah ugly naked guys back oh god I
really missed that fat bastard
wow this is so weird
I just realized this may be the last
time we're all hanging out together it's
almost as if he knew well how family
yeah yeah you you tracked him down hold
on one second
hey yeah yeah we're just just having
dinner
yeah sure hold on I wants to say hi hold
on hello everyone so Who am I saying
hello to well I don't know about who's
here but I can tell you for damn sure
who's not here and that's Rachel Ross
knows better than that by now you know
what rachel is here she's that oh yeah
there she is
yeah yeah she's here Ross take me off
speakerphone
hi how could you do this to me I thought
I'd made my feelings about Rachel
perfectly clear look Emily I'm just
having dinner with my friends okay you
obviously can't keep away from her Emily
that's ridiculous
look I'm I'm moving for you I'm cutting
friends out of my life for you please
just get on the plane and come to New
York okay you'll see I'll feel better
when I'm there and I can know where you
are all the time well if you can't know
where I am all the time
look this marriage is never gonna work
if you don't trust me you're right
so
can you trust me no
well I guess that's it what happened
what happened my marriage is over oh
look at you you're shivering Ross and is
there anything we can do yeah you can
help me get my furniture back from
Gunther
[Applause]
[Music]
okay stop tormenting me this is make
okay they're mean and they hate
squirrels you know okay most of these
probably want it to be coats all right
fine no I get it
here you take it are you happy now I'm
called